                                                                                     Last Updated 8/05/2026




                          Darrington Press Community Gaming License 2.0


This Community Gaming License (“License”) describes how you (“you”) can use certain content owned by
Darrington Press, LLC (“DRP”) in your own creations. By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below),
you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License. You should read and
understand the terms of this License before adapting or sharing any content belonging to DRP. In this
License, you and DRP may be referred to together as the “parties” and individually as a “party.”

1. Definitions.

    1.1. “DRP Games” means the role-playing game(s) offered by DRP titled Candela Obscura,
         Daggerheart, and Daggerheart: Hope & Fear.

    1.2. “Licensed Rights” means the rights that you are being permitted to use by agreeing to the terms
         and conditions of this License.

    1.3. “Licensed Content” means: (a) game rules (but not a copy/paste of rulebook content), mechanics,
         systems, toolsets, reference cards, and stat blocks; and (b) the names and attributes of game
         characters, settings, locations, monsters, classes, subclasses, and races featured in DRP Games.
         This term excludes all Prohibited Content.

    1.4. “DRP Published Content” means content released by DRP or its related companies, Critical Role
         Productions, LLC and Gilmore’s Glorious Goods, LLC (together, “Related Companies”) in any
         published works (print and digital) including without limitation in promotional material or in video,
         audio, or audiovisual media (for example, podcasts, streams on streaming sites such as Twitch,
         YouTube videos, and television episodes).

    1.5. “Prohibited Content” means all of the following published or used in connection with the DRP
         Games or by DRP or its Related Companies generally, unless such content is expressly addressed
         elsewhere in this License: (a) trademarks, logos, trade dress, trade names, and service marks; (b)
         videos, trailers, audio sounds, music, video games, comic books, novels, artwork, visual images,
         illustrations, drawings, graphics, imagery, plots, storylines, published work titles, and maps; (c) the
         exact text of manuals, guides, handbooks, Campaign Frames, and rulebooks; and (d) DRP
         Published Content, unless such content is explicitly identified in writing by DRP as being Public
         Game Content.

    1.6. “Public Game Content” means Licensed Content and any additional content that is explicitly and
         clearly identified in writing by DRP as Public Game Content, but specifically excludes all Prohibited
         Content. Currently, in addition to Licensed Content, DRP offers the following as Public Game
         Content: Daggerheart System Reference Document 2.0 (including Domain icons) and Candela
         Obscura. For avoidance of doubt, Daggerheart SRD 1.0 remains Public Game Content for existing
         and legacy DRP Games so long as usage complies with the terms of this License.

    1.7. “Adaptive Content” means content that is derived from or is based on Public Game Content or in
         which the Public Game Content is translated, altered, rearranged, transformed, or otherwise
         modified.

    1.8. “Share” means to provide content to the public by any means or process including without limitation
         by way of reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, or
         communication, as well as making content available to the public by any means or process. The

                                                       1
       word “public” includes, without limitation, any person or entity other than you. For example, “public”
       would cover members of a DRP subreddit.


        For clarity, “public” does not include private, non-commercial play among friends, family, or gaming
        groups in a personal setting (in-person or online). Content used exclusively within such private
        settings is not considered Shared under this License.

   1.9. “Permitted Formats” means the following, subject to any further restrictions applicable to specific
       types content stated below: (a) physical print and digital print formats in the form of supplements,
       manuals, books, stories, novels, and cards; (b) live-streaming and video on sites such as Twitch.tv,
       YouTube, and TikTok; (c) podcasts; and (d) virtual tabletop platforms ("VTTs") that are expressly
       approved by DRP and listed in Section 1.9.1 below. This term excludes, without limitation, film,
       television, video games, and any other audiovisual medium not expressly permitted.

       1.9.1. Whitelisted Virtual Tabletop Platforms.
             You can Share Public Game Content and Adaptive Content on the approved VTT platforms
             (the "Whitelisted VTTs") listed below, subject to the terms of this License. Sharing on
             Whitelisted VTTs is permitted solely for non-commercial purposes and may not be
             monetized in any form. This includes, without limitation, selling access, charging
             subscription fees, paywalling content, or soliciting donations tied to access or use.

            The current list of Whitelisted VTTs is publicly available at
            https://darringtonpress.com/license/. Sharing on any other VTT is prohibited unless
            separately approved in writing by DRP. DRP reserves the right to add or remove VTT
            platforms from this list at any time.

       1.9.2. Playtest Materials.
             From time to time we will make available DRP Games that we are still testing and
             developing (collectively “Playtest Materials”). This includes materials found in our playtest
             program known as The Void, found at www.daggerheart.com/thevoid. Materials for
             Playtesting are described as alpha, beta, demo, demonstration, evaluation, trial, early
             access, or preview (or some other words which impart a similar meaning). For Playtest
             Materials, no commercial products are permitted in any format, regardless of whether it is a
             Permitted Format identified above or some other format. For example, you can live-stream
             gameplay from Playtest Materials for free, but you cannot sell written content such as
             supplements or novels adapted from Playtest Materials.

       1.9.3. Campaign Frames.
             Daggerheart Campaign Frames may be Shared via live-streaming, video/audio or podcast
             solely for the purpose of Sharing actual play content. Campaign Frames may not be Shared
             in any other format or republished, printed, distributed, or adapted into new written works or
             derivative works without separate written permission from DRP.

       1.9.4. Live-streaming, Videos/Audio, and Podcasts.
             Live-streams, videos/audio, and podcasts for actual play content may be Shared for free
             or monetized through ad revenue, platform tips, or memberships.

2. Scope.

   2.1. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, DRP grants you a worldwide,
       royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to exercise the following Licensed Rights: (a)
       reproduce and Share the Public Game Content in whole or in part; and (b) produce, reproduce,
       Share and sell Adaptive Content using the Public Game Content solely in the Permitted Formats
       and as further limited for the types of content specified in Section 1.9.1-1.9.4.

   2.2. No downstream restrictions. You may not impose any additional or different terms or conditions

                                                    2
        on the Public Game Content you Share or on the Public Game Content that is contained in
        Adaptive Content, in the event that you decide to grant a license in the Adaptive Content.

    2.3. No endorsement. Nothing in this License constitutes permission to assert or imply that you or your
         use of the Public Game Content is connected with or sponsored by or endorsed by DRP and
         Critical Role.

    2.4. Other rights. This License does not license or give any rights to any of the following: (a) moral
         rights of authors as defined in the U.S. Copyright Act; (b) publicity, privacy, or other similar
         personality rights; and/or (c) rights related to Prohibited Content.

    2.5. Use of Name Marks. DRP holds registered trademarks in the names identified on the Name Mark
         List attached to this License (the "Name Marks"). You are authorized under the License to Share
         Adaptive Content that includes any of the Name Marks, subject to the following additional
         restrictions which you are automatically deemed to have accepted if you use any Name Marks in
         any Adaptive Content:

             (a) Name Marks cannot be used in the title of a work or a chapter title; and
             (b) Name Marks cannot appear on the front cover of any work
             (c) Name Marks must include ‘Compatible’ adjacent to it in marketing and descriptive text.

3. Ownership. The Public Game Content and Prohibited Content is and will at all times remain the property
    of DRP, and DRP may use, distribute, modify, and adapt the Public Game Content and the Prohibited
    Content at any time for any purpose.

4. Attribution.
    4.1. Non-commercial. If you Share any Public Game Content or Adaptive Content, you must include
         the following information in the materials that are being Shared by you:

             (a) a copyright notice in the format specified in Section 4.3 below;
             (b) an attribution statement identifying the Public Game Content and stating that DRP is the
                      creator of that material;
             (c) a hyperlink to the Public Game Content or the URL where it can be found to the extent
                      reasonably practicable;
             (d) a statement that the Public Game Content is licensed under this License and a hyperlink
                      to this License or the URL where it may be found;
             (e) a statement indicating whether you have modified the Public Game Content and whether
                                 there were any previous modifications by you or others.

    4.2. Commercial. If you Share any Public Game Content or Adaptive Content commercially (i.e., in
         exchange for compensation), in addition to complying with Sections 4.1(a)-(e) above, you agree
         to include the following additional information:

             (f) Logo use on Published Material
                  i. On the front cover, a Darrington Press Community Content logo, which can be found
                         at the URL https://darringtonpress.com/license/. For Daggerheart, use of
                         the community gaming license logos featuring the alchemy bottle attributing
                         Daggerheart are required https://darringtonpress.com/license/. If using Candela
                         Obscura, use the community gaming logos attributing Candela Obscura
                             https://darringtonpress.com/license/ are required.
                  ii. On the title page, along with the Copyright Notice and Attribution - a statement as
                  follows: “Darrington Press™ and the Darrington Press authorized work logo are
                  trademarks of Critical Role, LLC and used with permission.”
                  iii. Cards and adversaries created via the daggerheart.com creator, as well as other

                                                      3
               forms must have the following attribution at the bottom of the card.
                        i. Daggerheart™ Compatible. Terms at Daggerheart.com
           (g) if audio/video work
               i. On the material, the copyright and attribution must be visible for a time or read in its
               entirety. If images are used, such as thumbnails, the logo as described in 4.2.f.i-ii must
               be used.

   4.3. Copyright Notice: This product includes materials from the [PUBLIC GAME CONTENT] © Critical
        Role, LLC. All rights reserved.

   4.4. If you Share Adaptive Content that you produce, any license that you apply with respect to use by
        the public of that Adaptive Content must not prevent users of the Adaptive Content from complying
        with this License.

   Sections 4.1 a-e have been combined and provided below.
              Copyright/Attribution:          This product includes materials from the
                Daggerheart                   Daggerheart System Reference Document
                                              2.0, © Critical Role, LLC. under the terms of
                                              the Darrington Press Community Gaming
                                              (DPCGL) License. More information can be
                                              found at
                                              https://www.daggerheart.com. There are
                                              no previous modifications by others.

              Copyright/Attribution:          This product includes materials from Candela
               Candela Obscura                Obscura, © Critical Role, LLC. under the terms
                                              of the Darrington Press Community Gaming
                                              (DPCGL) License. More information can be
                                              found at https://www.darringtonpress.com.
                                              There are no previous modifications by others.




5. Release of Infringement Claims. DRP does not intend to copy or infringe upon any Adaptive Content
   created by you. However, because of the possibility that DRP may independently develop or publish
   materials that are similar to Adaptive Content created by third parties, in exchange for allowing you to
   exercise the Licensed Rights within this document, you hereby waive and release any and all claims,
   demands, or causes of action that you may now have or may in the future have against DRP for
   infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of rights in or to any Adaptive Content, except to the
   extent that DRP has copied such Adaptive Content in its entirety and without modification.

   5.1. You agree that DRP has the right to develop, acquire, license, sell, exploit, and Share materials,
        products, and content that are substantially similar to or otherwise compete with your Adaptive
        Content; provided, however, that DRP agrees it will not identically copy your Adaptive Content.

   5.2. You, on behalf of yourself and any affiliates, successors and assigns agree to fully and forever
        release and discharge DRP and its owners, officers, directors, employees, assigns, agents,
        affiliates and representatives from any and all known and unknown claims including all future
        claims that you may or may not be aware of at the time that you create your Adaptive Content that
        DRP has infringed or is infringing any rights you may hold in any Adaptive Content, except where
        DRP has identically copied your Adaptive Content. For the avoidance of doubt, your release in this
        paragraph includes claims that may arise in the future due to the later actions of a party or parties.


   5.3. You covenant and agree that you will not bring or assert any action, claim or cause of action in
        any jurisdiction or forum against DRP asserting a claim released by this License.

                                                     4
    5.4. DRP may plead this License as a complete defense and bar to any actions, claims, and demands
         which have been released by you under this License, and, in the event that you bring such a barred
         action, claim, or demand, you agree to defend and indemnify and hold DRP harmless from and
         against any and all costs and expenses arising therefrom (including reasonable attorneys' fees
         and expenses, whether or not litigation is actually commenced).

    5.5. You specifically understand, acknowledge, and agree that this is a full and final release which
         applies to any and all of the claims released herein whether known or unknown and whether past,
         present, or future. You hereby expressly waive any right or benefit of the provisions of Section
         1542 of the California Civil Code, the text of which is set out below, and any comparable law or
         statute elsewhere in the world, as well as waiving all federal, state, and common-law statutes or
         principles of similar effect:

            California Civil Code § 1542: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT
                THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST
                IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF
                KNOWN TO HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER
                SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

6. Warranties by You. You represent and warrant as follows:
    6.1.You are over 18 years of age or, if younger, you have had your parent or guardian review this
         License and agree to its terms on your behalf.

    6.2.You have the power, authority and right to enter into this License and to carry out the obligations
         you have agreed to undertake herein.

    6.3.You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Public Game Content and
         any Adaptive Content.

    6.4.You will not state, suggest, or imply that your Adaptive Content is endorsed or sponsored by or
         associated with DRP, except that you will include any attribution statement required by this License
         with your Adaptive Content.

    6.5.You will not exercise the Licensed Rights in a way that is bigoted, discriminatory, prejudiced to
         any real world groups, illegal, obscene, or harassing, as determined by DRP in its sole discretion.

    6.6.You will not exercise the Licensed Rights in any way that could violate or infringe the intellectual
         property rights of DRP or any third party.

    6.7.You will not bring any action challenging DRP’s ownership of any Public Game Content or
         Prohibited Content.

7. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

    7.1. DRP OFFERS THE PUBLIC GAME CONTENT AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE AND MAKES NO
         REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE PUBLIC GAME
         CONTENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHER. THIS INCLUDES
         WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
         PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER
         DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR
         NOT KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE. YOU BEAR ALL RISK OF USING THE PUBLIC GAME
         CONTENT, AND SUCH USE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

    7.2. IN NO EVENT SHALL DRP BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING,
         WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL,

                                                      5
        INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES; LOST
        PROFITS, LOST GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY; OR FOR OTHER
        LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE, USE OF THE
        PUBLIC GAME CONTENT, OR ANY ADAPTIVE CONTENT, EVEN IF DRP HAS BEEN ADVISED
        OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT
        SHALL DRP BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY AMOUNTS EXCEEDING $1,000 OR THE NET
        PROFITS YOU HAVE EARNED FROM SALES OF YOUR ADAPTIVE CONTENT IN THE
        PRIOR CALENDAR YEAR, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.

    7.3. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a
        manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver
        of all liability by DRP.

8. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold DRP and its owners, officers, directors,
   employees, assigns, agents, affiliates, and representatives harmless from and against any liability,
   claims, actions, demands, and damages (including attorneys’ fees and costs) arising from or relating
   to: (a) your exercise of the Licensed Rights; (b) use or Sharing of any Public Game Content or Adaptive
   Content; (c) breach or alleged breach of your representations and warranties herein; and (d) your
   negligence or willful misconduct.

9. Term and Termination.

   9.1. This License applies for the term of the copyrights in Public Game Content used or Shared by you.
        However, if you fail to comply with this License or do not accept any amended License terms, then,
        except as limited in Section 11.3 below, your rights under this License terminate automatically and
        without notice.

   9.2.You may terminate this License for any reason by ceasing all use and Sharing of Public Game
         Content and Adaptive Content.

   9.3. DRP may stop distributing the Public Game Content at any time; however, doing so will not
        automatically terminate this License.

   9.4. On termination of this License, you agree to immediately cease exercising any Licensed Rights
        and Sharing any Public Game Content and Adaptive Content.

   9.5.Sections 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12 survive termination of this License.

10. Limitation Period on Claims. All claims arising from or relating to this License must be brought no later
   than one year after such claim arose or the party having such claim shall be deemed to have waived
   and forever released it. A claim based on a claim by a third party shall be deemed to have arisen at the
   time that the party asserting the claim first became aware of it.

11. Amendments or Revisions to License.


    11.1. DRP may modify or revise the License at any time in its sole discretion by posting the amended
          License on its website located at https://darringtonpress.com/ and announcing the change on at
          least one of DRP’s social media channels. The modification or revision will become effective after
          such postings. DRP will indicate on the License the date it was last amended. You are
          responsible for checking the License regularly for changes, and you waive any right to receive
          specific notice of changes.

    11.2. Except as limited by Section 11.3 below, your continued Sharing of Public Game Content or
          Adaptive Content after a License modification confirms your acceptance of any changes to the
          License, and, except as expressly limited in Section 11.3 below, you will be bound by such

                                                     6
         revised terms even if you did not receive specific notice of the changes and even if you failed to
         check the License regularly for changes. If you do not accept such changes, the License will
         terminate as described in Section 9.1.

   11.3. If you are distributing Adaptive Content or have taken substantial steps in the production of
         Adaptive Content at the time DRP issues a License amendment, you will be permitted to continue
         distributing that exact Adaptive Content (“Existing Adaptive Content”) under the terms of the
         License that was in place prior to the amendment even if you do not agree to the License as
         amended. The prior License version will continue to cover such Existing Adaptive Content.
         However, you agree that any modified version of such Existing Adaptive Content or derivative
         work thereof or new creation of Adaptive Content (collectively “New Adaptive Content”) will be
         subject to the amended License, and your use of any New Adaptive Content after the effective
         date of any amended License shall automatically be deemed to be an agreement by you to the
         terms and conditions of the amended License with respect to any exploitation by you of the New
         Adaptive Content.

12. Other Terms and Conditions.
   12.1. DRP will not be bound by any additional or different terms or conditions communicated by you
         unless expressly agreed in a writing that is signed by DRP.

   12.2. This License sets forth the entire current agreement of the parties with respect to its subject
         matter, supersedes any previous or contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding such
         subject matter and can only be amended or modified by DRP.

   12.3. To the extent possible, if any provision of this License is deemed unenforceable, it shall be
         automatically reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision
         cannot be reformed, it shall be severed from this License without affecting the enforceability of
         the remaining terms and conditions of this License.

   12.4. Unless expressly agreed to by DRP, no term or condition of this License will be waived and no
         failure by you to comply will be deemed to have been consented to by DRP.

   12.5. You agree that you have carefully reviewed this agreement, that you understand its terms, that,
         if desired, you have sought legal advice with respect to this agreement, and that you have relied
         wholly on your own judgment and knowledge in entering into this agreement.

   12.6. This License shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
         California without regard to principles of conflict of laws that would cause the laws of any other
         jurisdiction to apply.




                                                   7
                           Name Mark List
ILLUMINATED WORLDS
CANDELA OBSCURA
DAGGERHEART
DAGGERHEART: HOPE & FEAR




                                 8
